content/posts/hello-world.md, before:

---
title: "Hello World"
date: 2017-12-22T17:17:54-02:00
draft: false
noauthor: true
image: "/images/hello-world.jpg"
---

Welcome, we're Nasc and this is our tech blog.  
Nasc co-founders ([@felipenmoura](https://twitter.com/felipenmoura) and [@jaydson](https://twitter.com/jaydson)) have been working with tehcnology for more than a decade.  
They have a strong and solid background working with software, mostly JavaScript. Like [Brendan](https://brendaneich.com/), they always bet on JavaScript.  

Nasc was born with the developer community as the main focus.  
With tech events, tech content and open-source projects, our mission is always to deliver great things for developers, being a great JavaScript conference as [BrazilJS Conf](https://braziljs.org/conf), small meetups, small events, good and unprecedented content in video or text.  

Our goal with this blog is share with the global community what we're doing here in Porto Alegre, southern Brazil.  
We want our findinds, technology, thoughts and everything else to spread all over the world.  
We're confident you guys can learn a litle bit with us and vice-versa.  

Expect cool things here in 2018.  

Sincerely,  
Nasc team

Commit message:

Default author for the hello world post

content/posts/hello-world.md, after:

---
title: "Hello World"
date: 2017-12-22T17:17:54-02:00
draft: false
image: "/images/hello-world.jpg"
author: "Nasc"
authorwebsite: "https://nasc.io"
authorbio: "Born to be different"
authorlocation: "Porto Alegre, Brazil"
---

Welcome, we're Nasc and this is our tech blog.  
Nasc co-founders ([@felipenmoura](https://twitter.com/felipenmoura) and [@jaydson](https://twitter.com/jaydson)) have been working with tehcnology for more than a decade.  
They have a strong and solid background working with software, mostly JavaScript. Like [Brendan](https://brendaneich.com/), they always bet on JavaScript.  

Nasc was born with the developer community as the main focus.  
With tech events, tech content and open-source projects, our mission is always to deliver great things for developers, being a great JavaScript conference as [BrazilJS Conf](https://braziljs.org/conf), small meetups, small events, good and unprecedented content in video or text.  

Our goal with this blog is share with the global community what we're doing here in Porto Alegre, southern Brazil.  
We want our findinds, technology, thoughts and everything else to spread all over the world.  
We're confident you guys can learn a litle bit with us and vice-versa.  

Expect cool things here in 2018.  

Sincerely,  
Nasc team
